docs(readme): document how a Base64 private key could be decoded (#155)
actions/create-github-app-token: README.md

**Required:** GitHub App private key. Escaped newlines (`\\n`) will be automatically replaced with actual newlines.

> N.B.: Some other action may require the private key to be Base64 encoded. To avoid recreating a new secret, it can be decoded on the fly, but it needs to be managed securely. Here is an example of how this could be achieved:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some other actions may require the private key to be Base64 encoded. To avoid recreating a new secret, it can be decoded on the fly, but it needs to be managed securely. Here is an example of how this can be achieved:
```

Reviewer 2: Opps I thought I already merged. I suggest you just commit your suggestions and merge, unless you want to discuss it further?
